
# Welcome to LearnCS8 Resume Website

Hello. I am a 2nd year Prebusiness Major looking to concentrate in Information Systems. I am an Eagle Scout who loves outdoor activities and staying active. I enjoy playing volleyball and cooking steak. Family plays a large role in my life. I have two siblings that play a large role in my life. My older brother Thomas teaches me to be strong for myself and others. I always look up to him in times of need because he has been through many of the things I have and his perspective is key to my success. In addition, my younger sister teaches me love and compassion for those around me. I feel that I have to become a good older brother to her because that is what was given to me. I feel that I owe it to her as a person. I am a strong people person through these traits that I have acquired through them. On my free time, I enjoy playing volleyball with my close friends, cooking food (such as steak, fried rice, and french toast), and cutting hair. I have been a barber half a year now and I am developing this skill on my free time in college. This is to help polish my time management skills, accountability, and business operating skills. This small business of mine has been something I am passionate about, and I seek to use these real-world skills in the future. I am looking for an opportunity to benefit others with my skills while learning as much as I can from that experience. These opportunities will allow me to widen my expertise in any region and I am grateful to have the ability to learn and become a better person. It is important to me that I am always becoming a better person. I am constantly working on myself at the gym to become a physically healthy member of society. From there, I work on my mental strength. Areas of discipline, confidence, and grit are of utmost importance to me because with those traits, I can drive myself to overcome any obstacle. 

